Add a script to analyse Source usage (#972)
guardian/source: scripts/get-usage/README.md

# Get Source Usage

This script runs analysis on a pre-configured list of repositories to discover their use of Source

## What?

The scripts outputs a `json` file containing:

-   A list of repositories and what components they use
-   A list of components and what repositories use them

## Why?

Having this information is useful to Source maintainers as it can inform decisions around the improvement or retirement of components.

It is also useful when making changes to know which projects will be affected and so solicit feedback or target comms accordingly.

## How?

The steps taken are:

1. Load the configuration in from disk
1. For each repository in the configuration:
    1. Clone the repository
    1. Create the `react-scanner` configuration file (using values from the analysis configuration)
    1. Run [`react-scanner`](https://github.com/moroshko/react-scanner)
    1. Extract the results
1. Collate the results from each repository
1. Write out the results to a `json` file

## Running the script

1. Clone the Source repository
1. Install all dependencies: `yarn`

> 1. Create a `config.json` file in the `scripts/analysis` directory (ask a maintainer for their copy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `config.json` file in the `scripts/get-usage` directory (ask a maintainer for their copy)
```

> 1. Run `yarn analysis`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `yarn get-usage`
```
